hey guys what is up snapshot 12w 42a
just came out there is not a lot and I
know it is Wednesday and not thursday
that is because they are trying to
release the official 1.4 on october 24th
i believe that is next week if i'm
correct so they're just adding
last-minute things they don't want to
add a whole new world or anything and
then have it really buggy for release so
just a few things let's go a couple
things were changed with anvils instead
of using a lot of block of irons it's
now only three blocks of iron and four
iron and gets in the shape of that and
bam we got the anvil also the you the UI
right here is a little bit different if
I put this in here it obviously says I
can't do that that is because i don't
have the other shovel and so here are my
two chain enchantments efficiency to
efficiency one and unbreaking one giving
me efficiency to a non-breaking one
which is these two combined but say I
only want to repair it I don't want to
mix it simply you get the material of
which the item is made so this is a
diamond shovel so we need some diamond
we put it in here we put the diamond and
bam we can repair it is the same as
action chantment it does cost a little
bit of enchantment and the material and
you can repair it so that helps if you
get finally all your diamond shovels
made and so you get something like this
and you need to repair it well you
simply put the diamond in you pay a
little bit to repair it rather than
making a whole new pic and so that does
help quite a bit something amazing for
you redstone fans I am NOT a redstone
fan myself because I'm not really good
at it before if you had repeaters
touching each other they would both go
on but now if this repeater activates
this repeater it locks it meaning
whatever state it is on it stays on that
state but if I were to turn this off and
turn this on excuse me turn that off and
then lock it first off I do like the
little bedrock it puts on it making it
look locked now if I were to turn this
on it will not get past the repeater so
this could be used for many many things
I assume this will help
keep that cluttered mess of all that
redstone a little bit less also now I
can get rid of these so we have it
turning look at that that's very nice
that's no longer trampled crops which i
guess is just a little thing that they
forgot to add because no animals
trampled crops so if you have a bunch of
bats at night and you don't want them
breaking your crops well they no longer
do so the most amazing thing yet arm out
of the snapshot of course is that now we
can hide I peas we've been waiting us
youtubers have been waiting for this for
quite a while live streamers showing the
IP by accident and then having a lot of
people actually data us and stuff so if
we go to multiplayer as we can see we
have my public server but as we can see
chris's server mmm you guys can't have
chris's and Jason's IP because I hit it
if we were to come here and click Edit
we can now hide I dress address yes or
no now it says hidden mwah ha you may
not get on to my server that is it for
this week's snapshot I assume next week
I will be back to give you a full
coverage of what has been added into 1.4
depends whether or not I feel like it
make sure you subscribe to my channel by
if you're on minecraft on that clicking
on this side if you're my channel just
simply click Subscribe weekly snapshots
awesome commentaries and more thank you
guys for watching make sure you lock up
the video and subscribe goodbye